what is up guys al 27 HD here it is
sunday it is of course the Sunday shout
out what else do you expect on a Sunday
afternoon from me so we're going to be
shook showcasing two channels telling
you about them hopefully getting you to
go along check them out show some
community love and a sub them that is
pretty much it some sexy gameplay going
to be up in the background in a minute
the first channel I wanted to talk to
you guys about today is a channel called
juga knocks gu GG ER n Oh double X if we
can fuckin spell this guy I have noticed
recently in the best of the youtubers
and really really cool guy really really
cool Channel first and foremost
fantastic commentator really engaging
good commentator which is a stable part
of any Sunday she'll tell turb selection
they are always Dixon commentators great
career mode series although it is with
the shitty Reds Liverpool but a really
really good career mode series which I
am loving he's also got a series called
squad building to Division one where he
basically build squads and progresses
and he's trying to get himself into
Division one by building various squads
and moving forward with that he's also a
damn good trader guys has done a trading
successful trading series on his channel
he is on 526 subscribers at the moment
so could really do with a boost try and
get him up to a thousand subs sooner
rather than later and of course he is in
round two of the best of the youtubers
especially for a smaller channel you
know a lot of these guys are between
five and ten thousand subs for a smaller
channel of you know under 500 I imagine
at a time when he got into best of the
YouTube is a fucking great effort and I
would strongly recommend you check this
guy out before his channel blows up go
check him out guys the next channel I
want to speak to you guys about is a
channel called beach HD be doubly CH HD
let's have a little look at beach HD
channel he is currently sat on at 1321
subs 1321 subs and what can you expect
from beach HD he does epic play reviews
I mean really really good it is a stable
part of my channel and I understand what
goes into getting play reviews but he
also does defend
play reviews he still mom recently
informed company and trust me it is
difficult as a motherfucker to do
defender reviews it is really not very
easy this guy makes all of his reviews
and especially his defender reviews
interesting engaging and he's a very
very good commentator really really good
worth watching so he does play reviews
what else does he do he's got a trading
to Ronaldo series he's also got squad
builders trading tips a real very you
know pack openings a real very channel
he's those dual compaq openings a bit
similar to what i did with jack a 54 HD
so basically a real varied channel lots
of variety lots of interesting stuff but
I watch it mainly for the epic play
reviews and I would strongly suggest you
check out beach HD throw him some subs
let's give them some love Christmas lob
some dissemble of and trying it both
these channels are juga knox and beach
HD let's give them a nice big sub boost
on a Sunday guys and obviously throw
some likes on the videos check out their
stuff and say hi from me that is about
all for the sunday shout out guys please
check these guys out please show them
some love it would mean a lot to me I
would really appreciate it if you enjoy
their stuff I'm never telling you to
solve I'm just saying give them a chance
check them out and if you like it go so
them take care of yourselves guys peace
love like sub comment take it and catch
you later